I want to make a remake of the classic DOS game Supremacy, ultimately it, in my mind, can be coded entirely in a SQL with multiple front ends, so a command line front and and a web interface too.  So to start with help by writing the SQL I’ll need to implement the game. Here’s the gameplay section from wikipedia describing the game in detail:

The goal of Supremacy is to create and protect a network of planetary colonies and defeat a computer adversary who is trying to do the same. There are four skill levels, each represented by an enemy race, and each featuring a progressively stronger opponent. The more advanced a system is, the more freedom a player has when purchasing spacecraft. Higher skill levels result in different numbers of planets in each system.

The game is controlled using a mouse pointer and important information is displayed in a message box at the bottom of most screens. Following the introduction screen, the player chooses which planetary system to enter. Planetary systems differ the types of spacecraft and equipment that can be purchased, in the number of planets they contain and the strength and aggressiveness of the artificial intelligence. The first system contains eight worlds and allows access to only the most basic equipment. The second system has sixteen planets and slightly better equipment. The remaining systems increase in size and strength similarly.

The player and their opponent both begin with control over a single colonized planet in the chosen system. All other planets in between are uninhabited and up for grabs. The player must set up and maintain thriving colonies on as many planets as possible, while building up an industry and military strong enough to fend off the opponent. Because of the randomness of a system's initial make-up, the order in which planets are colonized has a great subsequent effect upon gameplay.
Before building a colony, planets need to first be terraformed using an atmospheric processor. As a planet's population grows, more taxes can be sent to a player's home starbase. However, in order to survive, colonies need to be supplied with food and energy. The player provides food by buying and placing farming stations on the colony or by transferring them on starships as cargo. Energy comes from purchasing orbiting solar satellites, but can be transferred as cargo. Cargo shipments consume fuel, so the player needs to purchase mining stations. Balancing these and similar factors constitutes the main challenge of the game.

Ok so I think we're missing some concepts from the description from wikipedia.
Let me describe the game how it was to play.

The original game has 8 button from the home screen that represent screens
The home screen shows all the planets in the game and you can select each planet individually from this screen.
Screen 1 - Controls the planets docking bay, from here you can launch ships, send ships to a different planet, or land the ship on that planet. There are 3 docking bays on each planet, here you can control all your craft and it shows their location and their heading.
Screen 2 - This is the purchase screen, here you can scroll through different ships to purchase. Battle ships for sending patroons, Cargo ships for transporting fuel and minerals, solar power generator satellites that need to be in orbit to generate energy, surface farming ships for generating food, and surface mineral ships for mining. You can also a planet terraformer from this screen that allows you to turn unused planets into inhabitable planets. You can buy as many as you like of these ships, except the terraformer that you can only buy one of and only use it on one planet at a time.
Screen 3 - The planet details creen, this shows all the information about the planet, it's name which you can set, the current stardate, it's status i.e. your own planet, or an enemy planet. Your credits which shows how much money you have in government of that planet. The current food level, minerla, fuels and energy in tonnes. The planet's population, and population growth rate. The populations morale, and most importantly the tax rate, this effects the morale, and therefore the population growth rate. The population needs food which it consumes to be able to survive and it's relative to the population. The energy is needed to power the farming ships and mineral extraction ships, and the minerals are needed to create fuel. The fuel is then needed to power the ships in space flight.
Screen 4 - The military screen, this is where you control your platoons. You can have multiple platoons, each platoon starts of initially by taking it's troops from the population, then you can start their training by selecting their armour and weapons, and buying the equipment for that platoon. The cost is relative to the strength of the equipment and the number of troops, but the strength of each platoon, once fully trained, is a combination of their equipment, number of toops, and how long they've trained for.
Screen 5 - This is the planet resources screen where you control the cargo on each ship. This is where you take fuel to fill up each ship for transport. Each ship needs to also be assigned civiilan crew from the population to pilot it. Cargo ships can be loaded with food, minerals, fuels, and energy from the planets resources, and they can also be unloaded to the planets local stores too.
Screen 6 - This is where you assign farming and mineral ships to the surface from the cargo bay.
Screen 7 - The battle screen, this is the screen that shows your military strength on that planet, so where your platoons are. If this planet is at war, i.e. enemy troops are on your planet or your troops are on their planet it shows the state of the battle. You can increase the agression of your troops here which increases their fighting strength, but also increases their losses.
Screen 8 - Lastly we have a save/load screen.
The entire game runs on a timer so periodically the populations, credits, minerals, fuels and food all increase or decrease depnding on all the criteria imposed on them for each planet. 

Just some final thoughts, the only way of moving troops is via the battle    
  cruisers, not by cargo ships. The final thing I've missed is that the enemy player  
  is a computer AI, although we're talking 1990's AI so it's basically an       
  algoritm to compete with that depending on it's level of difficulty builds    
  its own resources and terroforms it's own available planets, and once it has  
  sufficient strength attempts to take over your planets. The objective of      
  the game is for one player to have control over all planets.